ISO/DTS 32005:202x(E)

ISO TC 171/SC 2/WG 9

Secretariat: ANSI

Date: 2024-09

Document management — Portable Document Format — PDF 1.7 and 2.0
structure namespace inclusion in ISO 32000‑2

© ISO 2024

All rights reserved. Unless otherwise specified, or required in the
context of its implementation, no part of this publication may be
reproduced or utilized otherwise in any form or by any means, electronic
or mechanical, including photocopying, or posting on the internet or an
intranet, without prior written permission. Permission can be requested
from either ISO at the address below or ISO's member body in the country
of the requester.

ISO Copyright Office

CP 401 • CH-1214 Vernier, Geneva

Phone: + 41 22 749 01 11

Email: copyright@iso.org

Website: https://www.iso.org/[www.iso.org]

Published in Switzerland.

Contents

link:#_Toc140043898[Foreword iv]

link:#_Toc140043899[Introduction v]

link:#scope[1 Scope link:#scope[1]]

link:#normative-references[2 Normative references
link:#normative-references[1]]

link:#terms-and-definitions[3 Terms and definitions
link:#terms-and-definitions[1]]

link:#declaration-of-conformance[4 Declaration of conformance
link:#declaration-of-conformance[2]]

link:#using-the-pdf-1.7-namespace-with-the-pdf-2.0-namespace[5 Using the
PDF 1.7 namespace with the PDF 2.0 namespace
link:#using-the-pdf-1.7-namespace-with-the-pdf-2.0-namespace[3]]

link:#general[5.1 General link:#general[3]]

link:#pdf-1.7-as-a-standalone-namespace[5.2 PDF 1.7 as a standalone
namespace link:#pdf-1.7-as-a-standalone-namespace[3]]

link:#elements-defined-in-both-the-pdf-1.7-and-pdf-2.0-namespace[<<commom-elements>>
Elements defined in both the PDF 1.7 and PDF 2.0 namespace
link:#elements-defined-in-both-the-pdf-1.7-and-pdf-2.0-namespace[3]]

link:#elements-defined-solely-in-the-pdf-2.0-namespace[5.4 Elements
defined solely in the PDF 2.0 namespace
link:#elements-defined-solely-in-the-pdf-2.0-namespace[3]]

link:#elements-defined-solely-in-the-pdf-1.7-namespace[5.5 Elements
defined solely in the PDF 1.7 namespace
link:#elements-defined-solely-in-the-pdf-1.7-namespace[3]]

link:#general-1[5.5.1 General link:#general-1[3]]

link:#permitted-pdf-1.7-element-types[5.5.2 Permitted PDF 1.7 element
types link:#permitted-pdf-1.7-element-types[3]]

link:#_Toc140043912[5.6 Role mapping link:#_Toc140043912[6]]

link:#attributes[6 Attributes link:#attributes[6]]

link:#general-3[6.1 General link:#general-3[6]]

link:#attribute-owners[6.2 Attribute owners link:#attribute-owners[6]]

link:#attribute-namespaces[6.3 Attribute namespaces
link:#attribute-namespaces[7]]

link:#parent-child-relationships-between-the-standard-structure-elements-in-the-standard-structure-namespace-for-pdf-2.0-and-pdf-1.7[7
Parent-child relationships between the standard structure elements in
the standard structure namespace for PDF 2.0 and PDF 1.7
link:#parent-child-relationships-between-the-standard-structure-elements-in-the-standard-structure-namespace-for-pdf-2.0-and-pdf-1.7[7]]

link:#general-4[7.1 General link:#general-4[7]]

link:#hierarchical-inclusion-rules[7.2 Hierarchical inclusion rules
link:#hierarchical-inclusion-rules[7]]

link:#_Toc140043920[Bibliography link:#_Toc140043920[50]]

[#_Toc140043898 .anchor]####Foreword

ISO (the International Organization for Standardization) is a worldwide
federation of national standards bodies (ISO member bodies). The work of
preparing International Standards is normally carried out through ISO
technical committees. Each member body interested in a subject for which
a technical committee has been established has the right to be
represented on that committee. International organizations, governmental
and non-governmental, in liaison with ISO, also take part in the work.
ISO collaborates closely with the International Electrotechnical
Commission (IEC) on all matters of electrotechnical standardization.

The procedures used to develop this document and those intended for its
further maintenance are described in the ISO/IEC Directives, Part 1. In
particular, the different approval criteria needed for the different
types of ISO documents should be noted. This document was drafted in
accordance with the editorial rules of the ISO/IEC Directives, Part 2
(see
https://www.iso.org/directives-and-policies.html[www.iso.org/directives]).

Attention is drawn to the possibility that some of the elements of this
document may be the subject of patent rights. ISO shall not be held
responsible for identifying any or all such patent rights. Details of
any patent rights identified during the development of the document will
be in the Introduction and/or on the ISO list of patent declarations
received (see
https://www.iso.org/iso-standards-and-patents.html[www.iso.org/patents]).

Any trade name used in this document is information given for the
convenience of users and does not constitute an endorsement.

For an explanation of the voluntary nature of standards, the meaning of
ISO specific terms and expressions related to conformity assessment, as
well as information about ISO's adherence to the World Trade
Organization (WTO) principles in the Technical Barriers to Trade (TBT),
see
https://www.iso.org/foreword-supplementary-information.html[www.iso.org/iso/foreword.html].

This document was prepared by Technical Committee ISO/TC 171, _Document
management applications_, Subcommittee SC 2, _Document file formats,
EDMS systems and authenticity of information_.

Any feedback or questions on this document should be directed to the
user’s national standards body. A complete listing of these bodies can
be found at https://www.iso.org/members.html[www.iso.org/members.html].

[#_Toc140043899 .anchor]####Introduction

ISO 32000-2 introduced the mechanism for defining namespaces within a
logically structured PDF document; identified two recognized namespaces
for tagged PDF documents; and provided strict hierarchical inclusion
rules for the standard structure namespace for PDF 2.0. However, ISO
32000-2 did not specify restrictions and inclusion rules for the
standard structure namespace for PDF 1.7. This document extends the
hierarchical inclusion rules to address both the standard structure
namespace for PDF 2.0 and the standard structure namespace for PDF 1.7.

The primary purpose of this document is to extend the rules already
defined within ISO 32000-2 to resolve any ambiguity.

Document management — Portable Document Format — PDF 1.7 and 2.0
structure namespace inclusion in ISO 32000‑2

== Scope

This document specifies containment requirements for tagged PDF
documents that use the PDF 1.7 namespace and the PDF 2.0 namespace.
These containment requirements extend, and entirely comply with, the
rules and provisions already specified for tagged PDF documents within
ISO 32000-2.

== Normative references

The following documents are referred to in the text in such a way that
some or all of their content constitutes requirements of this document.
For dated references, only the edition cited applies. For undated
references, the latest edition of the referenced document (including any
amendments) applies.

ISO 32000-1, _Document management — Portable Document Format — Part 1:
PDF 1.7_

ISO 32000-2:2020, _Document management — Portable document format — Part
2: PDF 2.0_

PDF Declarations, _PDF Association, September 5,_ _2019_,
https://www.pdfa.org/resource/pdf-declarations/[_https://www.pdfa.org/resource/pdf-declarations/_]

== Terms and definitions

For the purposes of this document, the terms and definitions given in
ISO 32000-2 and the following apply.

ISO and IEC maintain terminology databases for use in standardization at
the following addresses:

— ISO Online browsing platform: available at
https://www.iso.org/obp/ui[https://www.iso.org/obp]

— IEC Electropedia: available at https://www.electropedia.org/

3.1

PDF 1.7 namespace

standard structure namespace for PDF 1.7

3.2

PDF 2.0 namespace

standard structure namespace for PDF 2.0

3.3

PDF 1.7 element

standard structure element type defined in the namespace for PDF 1.7

3.4

PDF 2.0 element

standard structure element type defined in the namespace for PDF 2.0

3.5

unique PDF 1.7 element

standard structure element whose type is defined solely in the _PDF 1.7
namespace_ (3.1)

== Declaration of conformance

This document defines additional requirements that are fully compliant
with ISO 32000-2. As such, a PDF document can conform to all the
requirements of ISO 32000-2 and the requirements defined in this
document, retaining compliance with both standards. However, not all
files which are compliant with ISO 32000-2 will be compliant with this
document.

To enable interchange and to identify that a given PDF document conforms
to the requirements defined in this document, that PDF document may
include a PDF declaration of conformance with this document. When such a
PDF declaration is present, it shall conform to the requirements of the
PDF Declarations specification. Such claim of conformance shall take the
form described in Table 1.

Table 1 — Declaration of conformance to this document

[width="100%",cols="27%,73%",options="header",]
|===
|*Key* |*Type*
|URI identifier |http://pdfa.org/declarations#iso32005
|Mandatory field(s) |none
|Standard |ISO/TS 32005
|Version |1
|URI |https://www.pdfa.org/resource/ISO-32005/
|Level |N/A
|Technology Reliance |ISO 32000-2
|===

EXAMPLE Conformance declaration for a PDF file conforming to this
document:

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>

<rdf:RDF xmlns:rdf="http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#">

<rdf:Description rdf:about=""
xmlns:pdfd="http://pdfa.org/declarations/">

<pdfd:declarations>

<rdf:Bag>

<!-- Declaration for conformity with standard “ISO 32005” --> 

<rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource">

<pdfd:conformsTo>http://pdfa.org/declarations#iso32005</pdfd:conformsTo>

</rdf:li>

</rdf:Bag>

</pdfd:declarations>

</rdf:Description>

</rdf:RDF>

== Using the PDF 1.7 namespace with the PDF 2.0 namespace

=== General

ISO 32000-2 permits the use of both the PDF 1.7 namespace and the
PDF 2.0 namespace but does not indicate how they are to be used together
in the same document. The following clauses clarify this usage.

NOTE ISO 32000-2 does not restrict the interaction of the two
namespaces.

PDF documents conforming to this document shall be versioned as PDF 2.0
using either the header or the value of the *Version* entry in the
document’s catalog dictionary (see ISO 32000-2:2020, 7.7.2).

=== PDF 1.7 as a standalone namespace

If all structure elements used in a given document are PDF 1.7 elements,
either explicitly, through the default standard structure namespace or
role mapped to an element in the default standard structure namespace,
then the requirements of ISO 32000-1 shall be used for their inclusion.
In such cases, the use of namespaces shall not be required and those
structure elements are exempt from the provisions specified in <<commom-elements>>, 5.4
and 5.5.

If any document has structure elements that use a namespace other than
the PDF 1.7 namespace or the default standard structure namespace, then
that document shall conform to the requirements specified in <<commom-elements>>, 5.4
and 5.5.

=== Elements defined in both the PDF 1.7 and PDF 2.0 namespace

A subset of the PDF 1.7 elements and the PDF 2.0 elements are common
between the two namespaces. All structure elements whose type is common
to both the PDF 1.7 namespace and the PDF 2.0 namespace shall use the
PDF 2.0 namespace and follow the inclusion rules defined in ISO
32000-2:2020, Annex L, and in Clause 5 of this document (except as
exempted by 5.2).

=== Elements defined solely in the PDF 2.0 namespace

PDF 2.0 elements shall explicitly declare their namespace using the
PDF 2.0 namespace and may contain unique PDF 1.7 elements and PDF 2.0
elements, as defined in Clause 5.

NOTE ISO 32000-2:2020, Annex M identifies the new elements that are
solely defined for the PDF 2.0 namespace.

=== Elements defined solely in the PDF 1.7 namespace

==== General

Unique PDF 1.7 elements may be included in a document. When such
structure elements are included (except as exempted in 5.2), those
elements shall conform to the requirements defined in Clause 5 and may
be children of PDF 2.0 elements and may include unique PDF 1.7 elements
or PDF 2.0 elements.

NOTE ISO 32000-2:2020, Annex M identifies the elements that are solely
defined for the PDF 1.7 namespace.

==== Permitted PDF 1.7 element types

===== General

ISO 32000-2 does not directly define the element types outside of the
PDF 2.0 namespace. Instead, it refers to the definition of those
elements in ISO 32000-1. To ensure consistency, unique PDF 1.7 elements
(except as exempted by 5.2) shall match the descriptions and follow the
inclusion rules specified in Clause 5.

===== Grouping structure elements

The unique PDF 1.7 elements that are a grouping element type are defined
in Table 2 and shall be the only PDF 1.7 namespace grouping elements
permissible in a document (except as exempted by 5.2).

Table 2 — Standard structure types for unique PDF 1.7 grouping elements

[width="100%",cols="19%,81%",options="header",]
|===
|*Structure type* |*Description*
|Art |(Article) A relatively self-contained body of text constituting a
single narrative or exposition. Articles should be disjoint; that is,
they should not contain other articles as constituent elements.

|BlockQuote a|
(Block quotation) A portion of content quoted from another source other
than the surrounding content.

NOTE 1 The *BlockQuote* structure element groups larger units of quoted
content, see Quote (4.5.2.3, “”) for inline quotation.

NOTE 2 The *BlockQuote* structure element differs from the
*DocumentFragment* structure element, in that *DocumentFragment* implies
unchanged and contiguous portions of another document, whereas
*BlockQuote* often include modification or contextualization.
*BlockQuote* is permitted to both contain or be a child of
*DocumentFragment* (see 7.2).

NOTE 3 The source for a *BlockQuote* can include content from the same
document.

|TOC a|
(Table of contents) A list made up of table of contents item entries
(structure type *TOCI*) and/or other nested table of contents entries
(*TOC*).

A *TOC* entry that includes only *TOCI* entries represents a flat
hierarchy. A *TOC* entry that includes other nested *TOC* entries (and
possibly *TOCI* entries) represents a more complex hierarchy. Ideally,
the hierarchy of a top-level *TOC* entry reflects the structure of the
main body of the document.

NOTE 4 Lists of figures and tables, as well as bibliographies, can be
treated as tables of contents for purposes of the standard structure
types.

When parts of a *TOC* have descriptive text, that text shall use
*Caption* to identify its purpose. When multiple parts of the *TOC* have
descriptive text at the same level within that *TOC*, then *Part* shall
be used to subdivide that *TOC* into the described (captioned)
sub-parts, with each *Part* having its own *Caption*.

|TOCI |(Table of contents item) An individual entry within a table of
contents (*TOC*).

|Index |(Index) A sequence of entries containing identifying text
accompanied by reference elements (structure type *Reference*; see
5.5.2.3) that point out occurrences of the specified text in the main
body of a document.

|Private |(Private element) A grouping element containing private
content belonging to the application producing it. The structural
significance of this element type is unspecified and shall be determined
entirely by the writer. Neither the *Private* element nor any of its
descendants (including content) have defined semantic significance and
may be ignored by processors, both when consuming the content and when
exporting to other document formats.

|NOTE The definitions in this table are taken from ISO 32000-1, but have
been updated for clarity. |
|===

===== Inline-level structure elements

The unique PDF 1.7 elements that are an inline-level element type are
defined in Table 3 and shall be the only PDF 1.7 namespace inline-level
structure elements permissible in a document (except as exempted by
Clause 5.2).

Table 3 — Standard structure types for unique PDF 1.7 inline-level
structure elements

[width="100%",cols="19%,81%",options="header",]
|===
|*Structure type* |*Description*
|Quote a|
(Quotation) An inline portion of content quoted from another source
other than the surrounding content.

The quoted text should be contained inline within a single block-level
unit of content. This differs from the block-level element *BlockQuote*
(see 5.5.2.2), which consists of one or more complete paragraphs (or
other elements presented as if they were complete paragraphs).

|Note a|
(Note) An item of explanatory text, such as a footnote or an endnote,
that is referred to from within the body of the document. It may have a
label (structure type *Lbl*; see ISO 32000-2:2020, Table 368) as a
child.

The note may be included as a child of the structure element in the body
text that refers to it, or it may be included elsewhere (such as in an
endnotes section) and accessed by means of a reference (structure type
*Reference*).

Tagged PDF does not prescribe the placement of footnotes in the page
content order. They may be either inline or at the end of the page, at
the discretion of the conforming writer.

|Reference |(Reference) A citation to content elsewhere in the document.

|BibEntry a|
(Bibliography entry) A reference identifying the external source of some
cited content. It may contain a label (structure type *Lbl*; see ISO
32000-2:2020, Table 368) as a child.

Although a bibliography entry is likely to include component parts
identifying the cited content’s author, work, publisher, and so forth,
no standard structure types are defined at this level of detail.

|Code |(Code) A fragment of computer program text.

|NOTE The definitions in this table are taken from ISO 32000-1, but have
been updated for clarity. |
|===

[#_Toc140043912 .anchor]##

=== Role mapping

Custom element types may be present in a document and shall have an
explicitly defined namespace except as exempted by 5.2.

== Attributes

=== General

ISO 32000-2 defines a mechanism for applying structure attributes to
structure elements (see ISO 32000-2:2020, 14.7.6). While both ISO
32000-2 and ISO 32000-1 defined this mechanism, ISO 32000-2 extended it
to additionally make use of namespaces (see ISO 32000-2:2020,
Table 360). Clause 6 specifies the requirements for a file containing
structure attributes.

=== Attribute owners

Attribute owners (see ISO 32000-2:2020, Table 376) identify sets of
attributes that are available for use with structure elements. For each
attribute, attribute owners also restrict the structure element type
with which they may be used.

The attributes defined within the various attribute owners in ISO
32000-2 are a superset of those defined in ISO 32000-1. As such,
regardless of whether a given structure element is a unique PDF 1.7
element or a PDF 2.0 element, that structure element may use any
structure attribute defined in ISO 32000-2, as restricted by those
attributes’ definition.

=== Attribute namespaces

As an alternative to attribute owners, ISO 32000-2 defines a mechanism
for identifying a namespace for a given set of attributes (see ISO
32000-2:2020, Table 360). Attribute objects identifying their owner as a
namespace may occur on any structure element regardless of that
structure element’s namespace.

== Parent-child relationships between the standard structure elements in the standard structure namespace for PDF 2.0 and PDF 1.7

=== General

ISO 32000-2 defines the standard structure element types within ISO
32000-2:2020, 14.8.4 and identifies the PDF 1.7 namespace and the
PDF 2.0 namespace in ISO 32000-2:2020, 14.8.6. ISO 32000-2:2020,
Annex L, specifies the requirements for hierarchical inclusion of the
PDF 2.0 elements.

7.2 extends the rules for hierarchical inclusion^[1]^ of both the
PDF 2.0 elements and PDF 1.7 elements.

NOTE A compact representation of the hierarchical inclusion rules
defined in 7.2 can be found in Reference [1].

=== Hierarchical inclusion rules

This subclause defines the acceptable children of the standard structure
elements defined in the PDF 1.7 namespace and the PDF 2.0 namespace.
PDF 1.7 elements and PDF 2.0 elements shall not have child or parent
PDF 1.7 elements or PDF 2.0 elements that are not explicitly listed in
Table 5.

NOTE 1 The hierarchical rules defined in this clause describe the
elements that are permissible as children of each structure type.
However, further contextual restrictions are described in Clause 5 and
ISO 32000-2:2020, 14.8 “Tagged PDF”.

NOTE 2 The hierarchical rules included in this subclause extend those
found in ISO 32000-2:2020, Annex L, and can be considered complete for
all elements permitted by this document. These extensions pertain to
unique PDF 1.7 elements and their interaction with other PDF 1.7
elements and PDF 2.0 elements. These requirements fully conform to those
found in ISO 32000-2 and associated errata for PDF 2.0 elements.

These containment requirements shall also apply to structure elements
that are role mapped into the PDF 2.0 namespace or PDF 1.7 namespace
(except as exempted by Clause 5.2). Table 4 provides a legend for use in
interpreting Table 5.

Table 4 — Legend for valid usage of structure types

[width="100%",cols="9%,91%",options="header",]
|===
|Value |Valid usage relative to other standard structure types
|ø |shall not occur

|ø* |shall not occur unless the parent element is used as a grouping
level element

|0..n |may be a child element with one or several occurrences, but is
not required to be present

|1..n |shall be present as a child element with one or several
occurrences

|0..1 |may occur, but not more than once

|‡ |for containment rules, refer to the respective structure element
type’s description

|[a] |for specific provisions when and how these structure elements or
content can be contained inside a *Ruby* structure element, see ISO
32000-2:2020, 14.8.4.7.3

|[b] |for specific provisions when and how these structure elements or
content can be contained inside a *Warichu* structure element, see ISO
32000-2:2020, 14.8.4.7.3
|===

Table 5 — Parent-child relationships between the PDF 1.7 elements and
PDF 2.0 elements

[width="100%",cols="23%,6%,33%,5%,33%",options="header",]
|===
|*Structure Type* |*Children* | |*Parents* |
| |*Occ.* |*Structure Type* |*Occ.* |*Structure Type*

|StructTreeRootfootnote:[StructTreeRoot refers to the structure tree
root dictionary (see "ISO 32000-2:2020, Table 354 — Entries in the
structure tree root") and is not the name of a structure element.] |1
|Document |  | 

|Document |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Art +
Div +
Sect +
TOC +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Title +
Link +
Annot +
Form +
FENote +
Index +
L +
Table +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact |1 +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n |StructTreeRoot +
Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Artifact

|DocumentFragment |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Art +
Div +
Sect +
TOC +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Title +
Link +
Annot +
Form +
FENote +
Index +
L +
Table +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
∅* +
∅* +
∅* +
∅* +
∅* +
∅* +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Note +
Code +
Link +
Annot +
FENote +
Caption +
Artifact

|Part |‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Art +
Div +
Sect +
TOC +
TOCI +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Title +
Sub +
Lbl +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
FENote +
Index +
L +
BibEntry +
Table +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
∅* +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
TOC +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Note +
Code +
Link +
Annot +
Form +
FENote +
Index +
LBody +
BibEntry +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Div |‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Art +
Div +
Sect +
TOC +
TOCI +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Title +
Sub +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
RB +
RT +
RP +
Warichu +
WT +
WP +
FENote +
Index +
L +
LI +
LBody +
BibEntry +
Table +
TR +
TH +
TD +
THead +
TBody +
TFoot +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
TOCI +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Note +
Code +
Link +
Annot +
Form +
FENote +
Index +
LI +
LBody +
BibEntry +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Art |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Sect +
TOC +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Title +
Lbl +
Link +
Annot +
Form +
FENote +
Index +
L +
Table +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
[line-through]#0..1# +
[line-through]#0..1# +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Note +
Code +
[line-through]#Hn# +
[line-through]#H# +
Link +
Annot +
FENote +
LBody +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Artifact

|Sect |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |DocumentFragment +
Part +
Art +
Div +
Sect +
TOC +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Title +
Lbl +
Link +
Annot +
Form +
FENote +
Index +
L +
Table +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Link +
Annot +
FENote +
Index +
LBody +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Artifact

|TOC |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n |Part +
TOC +
TOCI +
NonStruct +
Private +
Caption +
Artifact |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
TOC +
TOCI +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Artifact

|TOCI |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Div +
TOC +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Lbl +
Reference +
Artifact |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n |Part +
Div +
TOC +
NonStruct +
Private +
Artifact

|Aside |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Art +
Div +
Sect +
TOC +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
FENote +
Index +
L +
Table +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content itemfootnote:[A content item refers to page content (see ISO
32000-2:2020, 14.8.2 “Tagged PDF and page content”) or PDF objects (see
ISO 32000-2:2020, 14.7 “PDF objects as content items”) and does not
refer to the name of a structure element type.] |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Note +
Code +
Link +
Annot +
FENote +
LBody +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|BlockQuote |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Art +
Div +
Sect +
TOC +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Title +
Lbl +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
FENote +
Index +
L +
Table +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n 0..n +
∅* +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Note +
Code +
Link +
Annot +
FENote +
LBody +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|NonStruct |‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
‡ |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Art +
Div +
Sect +
TOC +
TOCI +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Title +
Sub +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
RB +
RT +
RP +
Warichu +
WT +
WP +
FENote +
Index +
L +
LI +
LBody +
BibEntry +
Table +
TR +
TH +
TD +
THead +
TBody +
TFoot +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
TOC +
TOCI +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
RB +
RT +
RP +
Warichu +
WT +
WP +
FENote +
Index +
L +
LI +
LBody +
BibEntry +
Table +
TR +
TH +
TD +
THead +
TBody +
TFoot +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Private |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Art +
Div +
Sect +
TOC +
TOCI +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Title +
Sub +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
RB +
RT +
RP +
Warichu +
WT +
WP +
FENote +
Index +
L +
LI +
LBody +
BibEntry +
Table +
TR +
TH +
TD +
THead +
TBody +
TFoot +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
TOC +
TOCI +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
RB +
RT +
RP +
Warichu +
WT +
WP +
FENote +
Index +
L +
LI +
LBody +
BibEntry +
Table +
TR +
TH +
TD +
THead +
TBody +
TFoot +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Title |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Part +
Div +
Aside +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
L +
BibEntry +
Table +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
∅* +
∅* +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Link +
Annot +
Artifact

|Sub |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |NonStruct +
Private +
Note +
Code +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
L +
BibEntry +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n |Part +
Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Annot +
RB +
RT +
RP +
WT +
WP +
FENote +
LBody +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|P |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |NonStruct +
Private +
Note +
Code +
Sub +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
L +
BibEntry +
Table +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
TOCI +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Note +
Code +
Link +
Annot +
FENote +
Index +
LBody +
BibEntry +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Note |∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |DocumentFragment +
Part +
Art +
Div +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Sub +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
Index +
L +
BibEntry +
Table +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
FENote +
Index +
LBody +
BibEntry +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Code |∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |DocumentFragment +
Part +
Art +
Div +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Sub +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
Index +
L +
BibEntry +
Table +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Annot +
Form +
FENote +
LBody +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Hn |0..1 +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Art +
Sect +
NonStruct +
Private +
Note +
Code +
Sub +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
BibEntry +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
∅* +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Link +
Annot +
Index +
LBody +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|H |0..1 +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Art +
Sect +
NonStruct +
Private +
Note +
Code +
Sub +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
BibEntry +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |0..1 +
0..1 +
‡ +
‡ +
0..1 +
0..1 +
0..1 +
0..1 +
‡ +
0..n +
∅* +
∅* +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..1 +
0..1 +
0..1 +
0..1 +
0..1 +
0..1 |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Link +
Annot +
Index +
LBody +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Lbl |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |NonStruct +
Private +
Note +
Code +
Sub +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
BibEntry +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
TOCI +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
FENote +
LI +
BibEntry +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Em |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |NonStruct +
Private +
Note +
Code +
Sub +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
BibEntry +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
RB +
RT +
RP +
WT +
WP +
FENote +
LBody +
BibEntry +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Strong |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |NonStruct +
Private +
Note +
Code +
Sub +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
BibEntry +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
RB +
RT +
RP +
WT +
WP +
FENote +
LBody +
BibEntry +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Span |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |NonStruct +
Private +
Note +
Code +
Sub +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
BibEntry +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
RB +
RT +
RP +
WT +
WP +
FENote +
LBody +
BibEntry +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Quote |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |NonStruct +
Private +
Note +
Code +
Sub +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
BibEntry +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Annot +
RB +
RT +
RP +
WT +
WP +
FENote +
LBody +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Link |∅* +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
∅* +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
0..n +
∅* +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |DocumentFragment +
Part +
Art +
Div +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Title +
Sub +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
L +
BibEntry +
Table +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Reference +
Annot +
RB +
RT +
RP +
WT +
WP +
FENote +
LBody +
BibEntry +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Reference |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |NonStruct +
Private +
Note +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Link +
Annot +
FENote +
BibEntry +
Figure +
Artifact +
content item |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Part +
Div +
TOCI +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Annot +
Form +
RB +
RT +
RP +
WT +
WP +
FENote +
Index +
LBody +
BibEntry +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Annot |∅* +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
∅* +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
0..n +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
0..n +
∅* +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |DocumentFragment +
Part +
Art +
Div +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Title +
Sub +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
L +
BibEntry +
Table +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
RB +
RT +
RP +
WT +
WP +
FENote +
Index +
LBody +
BibEntry +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Form |∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
0..n +
∅* +
0..n +
∅* +
0..n +
∅* +
0..1 +
∅* +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n |Part +
Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
Note +
Code +
Lbl +
Reference +
FENote +
L +
BibEntry +
Table +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Annot +
RB +
RT +
RP +
WT +
WP +
FENote +
LBody +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Ruby |0..n +
0..n +
[a] +
[a] +
[a] +
0..n |NonStruct +
Private +
RB +
RT +
RP +
content item |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Annot +
FENote +
LBody +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|RB |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ |NonStruct +
Private +
Sub +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Artifact +
content item |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
[a] +
0..n |Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
Ruby +
Artifact

|RT |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ |NonStruct +
Private +
Sub +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Artifact +
content item |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
[a] +
0..n |Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
Ruby +
Artifact

|RP |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ |NonStruct +
Private +
Sub +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Artifact +
content item |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
[a] +
0..n |Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
Ruby +
Artifact

|Warichu |0..n +
0..n +
[b] +
[b] +
0..n |NonStruct +
Private +
WT +
WP +
content item |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Annot +
FENote +
LBody +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|WT |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ |NonStruct +
Private +
Sub +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Artifact +
content item |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
[b] +
0..n |Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
Warichu +
Artifact

|WP |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ |NonStruct +
Private +
Sub +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Artifact +
content item |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
[b] +
0..n |Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
Warichu +
Artifact

|FENote |∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |DocumentFragment +
Part +
Art +
Div +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Sub +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
L +
Table +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
FENote +
Index +
LBody +
BibEntry +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Index |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Part +
Div +
Sect +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Hn +
H +
Reference +
Annot +
FENote +
L +
Table +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Note +
Code +
LBody +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|L |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n |NonStruct +
Private +
L +
LI +
Caption +
Artifact |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
∅* +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Link +
Annot +
Form +
FENote +
Index +
L +
LBody +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|LI |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
Lbl +
LBody +
Artifact +
content item |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
L +
Artifact

|LBody |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Part +
Art +
Div +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Sub +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
Index +
L +
BibEntry +
Table +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
LI +
Artifact

|BibEntry |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Part +
Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
FENote +
Figure +
Artifact +
content item |‡ +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Part +
Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
LBody +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Table |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..1 +
0..n |NonStruct +
Private +
TR +
THead +
TBody +
TFoot +
Caption +
Artifact |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
∅* +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
P +
Note +
Code +
Link +
Annot +
Form +
FENote +
Index +
LBody +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|TR |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |NonStruct +
Private +
TH +
TD +
Artifact |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
Table +
THead +
TBody +
TFoot +
Artifact

|TH |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Art +
Div +
Sect +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
Index +
L +
BibEntry +
Table +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
TR +
Artifact

|TD |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Art +
Div +
Sect +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
Index +
L +
BibEntry +
Table +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
TR +
Artifact

|THead |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |NonStruct +
Private +
TR +
Artifact |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n |Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
Table +
Artifact

|TBody |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |NonStruct +
Private +
TR +
Artifact |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
Table +
Artifact

|TFoot |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |NonStruct +
Private +
TR +
Artifact |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n |Div +
NonStruct +
Private +
Table +
Artifact

|Caption |∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |DocumentFragment +
Part +
Art +
Div +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Sub +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
Index +
L +
BibEntry +
Table +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..1 +
0..1 +
‡ +
0..n +
0..1 +
∅* +
∅* +
∅* +
0..1 +
∅* +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..1 +
0..1 +
0..1 +
0..1 +
0..1 |Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
TOC +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Note +
Link +
Annot +
Form +
FENote +
Index +
L +
LBody +
Table +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Figure |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Part +
Art +
Div +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Sub +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
Index +
L +
BibEntry +
Table +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
c +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
WP +
FENote +
Index +
LBody +
BibEntry +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Formula |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Part +
Div +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Sub +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
Warichu +
FENote +
Index +
L +
BibEntry +
Table +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
∅* +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Annot +
Form +
FENote +
Index +
LBody +
TH +
TD +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact

|Artifact |0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..1 +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Art +
Div +
Sect +
TOC +
TOCI +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Title +
Sub +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
Ruby +
RB +
RT +
RP +
Warichu +
WT +
WP +
FENote +
Index +
L +
LI +
LBody +
BibEntry +
Table +
TR +
TH +
TD +
THead +
TBody +
TFoot +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact +
content item |0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
‡ +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n +
0..n |Document +
DocumentFragment +
Part +
Div +
Art +
Sect +
TOC +
TOCI +
Aside +
BlockQuote +
NonStruct +
Private +
Title +
Sub +
P +
Note +
Code +
Hn +
H +
Lbl +
Em +
Strong +
Span +
Quote +
Link +
Reference +
Annot +
Form +
RB +
RT +
RP +
WT +
WP +
FENote +
Index +
L +
LI +
LBody +
BibEntry +
Table +
TR +
TH +
TD +
THead +
TBody +
TFoot +
Caption +
Figure +
Formula +
Artifact
|===

[#_Toc140043920 .anchor]####Bibliography

[1] Hierarchical inclusion rules, PDF Association, November 10, 2022,
https://www.pdfa.org/resource/iso-ts-32005-hierarchical-inclusion-rules/
